feat(importModal): importModal as a pattern (#7363)
carbon-design-system/ibm-products: packages/ibm-products-web-components/src/components/import-modal/import-modal.mdx

import { ArgTypes, Markdown, Meta, Story } from '@storybook/blocks';
import { cdnJs, cdnCss } from '../../globals/internal/storybook-cdn';
import * as importModalStories from './import-modal.stories';

<Meta of={importModalStories} />

# Import Modal

The import and upload pattern is used for transferring data or objects from an
external source into a system.

Patterns have multiple ways of accomplishing a user need and typically use a
combination of components with additional design considerations. The pattern
code we share is meant to serve as an example implementation that can be built
and extended further.

To build this pattern, we recommend including the following components:

- [cds-modal](https://web-components.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/docs/components-modal)
- [cds-file-uploader](https://web-components.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/docs/components-file-uploader)
- [cds-text-input](https://web-components.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/docs/components-text-input)
- [cds-button](https://web-components.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/docs/components-button)

> All of these carbon components are used within a wrapper component
> `import-modal` to handle state management required for the import modal’s
> functionality.

Reviewer: All of these carbon components are used within a wrapper component

```suggestion
These components are used within an `import-modal` wrapper component
to handle state management.
```

> 💡 Check our
> [Stackblitz](https://stackblitz.com/github/carbon-design-system/ibm-products/tree/main/packages/ibm-products-web-components/examples/import-modal)
> example implementation.

[![Edit carbon-web-components](https://developer.stackblitz.com/img/open_in_stackblitz.svg)](https://stackblitz.com/github/carbon-design-system/ibm-products/tree/main/packages/ibm-products-web-components/examples/import-modal)

## Getting started

Here's a quick example to get you started.

### HTML

> ### Default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

To build this pattern, we recommend including the following components:

- [cds-modal](https://web-components.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/docs/components-modal)
- [cds-file-uploader](https://web-components.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/docs/components-file-uploader)
- [cds-text-input](https://web-components.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/docs/components-text-input)
- [cds-button](https://web-components.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/docs/components-button)

All of these carbon components are used within a wrapper component `import-modal` to handle state management required for the import modal’s functionality.

> 💡 Check our
> [Stackblitz](https://stackblitz.com/github/carbon-design-system/ibm-products/tree/main/packages/ibm-products-web-components/examples/import-modal)
> example implementation.

[![Edit carbon-web-components](https://developer.stackblitz.com/img/open_in_stackblitz.svg)](https://stackblitz.com/github/carbon-design-system/ibm-products/tree/main/packages/ibm-products-web-components/examples/import-modal)

## Getting started

Here's a quick example to get you started.

### HTML

### Default

> ```tsx  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```html  
```

   <cds-modal>
        <cds-modal-header>
          <cds-modal-heading>Import</cds-modal-heading>
        </cds-modal-header>
        <cds-modal-body>
          <cds-modal-body-content description>
            You can specify a file to import by either dragging it into the drag and drop area or by specifying a URL. (Maximum file size of 500KB)
          </cds-modal-body-content>
          <cds-file-uploader label-title='Add files using drag and drop'>
            <cds-file-uploader-drop-container
              accept="image/png image/jpeg image/gif"
              @cds-file-uploader-drop-container-changed=${(evt) => {
                onAddFile(evt);
              }}
            >

>              Drag and drop files here or click to upload
>             </cds-file-uploader-drop-container>
>           </cds-file-uploader>
>     
>         <p>Add a file by specifying a URL</p>
>           <cds-form-item >
>             <cds-text-input
>               placeholder='URL'
>               label=""
>               id='test-id'
>               .value=${this.importUrl}
>               @input="${inputHandler}"
>             ></cds-text-input>
>             <cds-button
>               .kind="primary"
>               size="sm"
>               .type="Submit"
>               @click=${handleImportFile}
>             >
>               Add file
>             </cds-button>
>           </cds-form-item>
> 
>           <div> 
>             ${hasFiles  ? html`<p> ${this.fileStatusString}</p>`: null}
>             ${this.files.map(
>               (file) => html`
>                 <cds-file-uploader-item
>                   name=${file.name}
>                   class=${`${blockClass}__file-uploader-item`}
>                   size="lg"
>                   state=${file.status}
>                   icon-description=${file.iconDescription}
>                   ?invalid=${file.invalid === true}
>                   error-subject=${file.errorSubject || ''}
>                   error-body=${file.errorBody || ''}
>                   uuid=${file.uuid}
>                   @cds-file-uploader-item-deleted=${(evt) =>
>                     onRemoveFile(evt, file.uuid)}
>                   >${file.name}</cds-file-uploader-item
>                 >
>               `
>             )}
>           </div>
>         </cds-modal-body>
>         <cds-modal-footer>
>           <cds-modal-footer-button
>             kind="secondary"
>             data-modal-close
>             @click=${() => {
>               onCloseHandler;
>             }}
>             >Cancel</cds-modal-footer-button
>           >
>           <cds-modal-footer-button
>             @click=${this.submitHandler}
>             >Import</cds-modal-footer-button
>           >
>         </cds-modal-footer>
>       </cds-modal>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<cds-modal>
  <cds-modal-header>
    <cds-modal-heading>Import</cds-modal-heading>
  </cds-modal-header>
  <cds-modal-body>
    <cds-modal-body-content description>
      You can specify a file to import by either dragging it into the drag and drop area or by specifying a URL. (Maximum file size of 500KB)
    </cds-modal-body-content>
    <cds-file-uploader label-title='Add files using drag and drop'>
      <cds-file-uploader-drop-container
        accept="image/png image/jpeg image/gif"
        @cds-file-uploader-drop-container-changed=${(evt) => {
          onAddFile(evt);
        }}
      >
        Drag and drop files here or click to upload
      </cds-file-uploader-drop-container>
    </cds-file-uploader>
    <p>Add a file by specifying a URL</p>
    <cds-form-item>
      <cds-text-input
        placeholder="URL"
        label=""
        id='test-id'
        .value=${this.importUrl}
        @input="${inputHandler}"
      ></cds-text-input>
      <cds-button
        .kind="primary"
        size="sm"
        .type="Submit"
        @click=${handleImportFile}
      >
        Add file
      </cds-button>
    </cds-form-item>
    <div>
      ${hasFiles  ? html`<p> ${this.fileStatusString}</p>`: null}
      ${this.files.map(
        (file) => html`
          <cds-file-uploader-item
            name=${file.name}
            class=${`${blockClass}__file-uploader-item`}
            size="lg"
            state=${file.status}
            icon-description=${file.iconDescription}
            ?invalid=${file.invalid === true}
            error-subject=${file.errorSubject || ''}
            error-body=${file.errorBody || ''}
            uuid=${file.uuid}
            @cds-file-uploader-item-deleted=${(evt) =>
              onRemoveFile(evt, file.uuid)}
          >${file.name}
        </cds-file-uploader-item>`
      )}
    </div>
  </cds-modal-body>
  <cds-modal-footer>
    <cds-modal-footer-button
      kind="secondary"
      data-modal-close
      @click=${() => {
        onCloseHandler;
      }}>
        Cancel
    </cds-modal-footer-button>
    <cds-modal-footer-button
      @click=${this.submitHandler}
    >
      Import
    </cds-modal-footer-button>
  </cds-modal-footer>
</cds-modal>
```

Reviewer: It’s mostly spacing changes to help with readability but I also noticed we‘re using a mix of single and double quotes. Can we keep these consistent?

import { ArgTypes, Markdown, Meta } from '@storybook/blocks';
import { cdnJs, cdnCss } from '../../globals/internal/storybook-cdn';
import * as importModalStories from './import-modal.stories';

<Meta of={importModalStories} />

# Import Modal

The Import Modal pattern is made with carbon design system's web components,

> Note: This is not a component, and is only a recipe to build a Import Modal using carbon components meant to be scaled as per specific requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Patterns have multiple ways of accomplishing a user need and typically use a combination of components with additional design considerations. The pattern code we share is meant to serve as an example implementation that can be built and extended further.
```

> ingredients used
> 
> cds-stack, cds-icon-button, cds-dropdown, cds-overflow-menu a js function to achieve roving tab index. for accessibility

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build this pattern, we recommend including the following components:
- [cds-modal](https://web-components.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/docs/components-modal)
- [cds-file-uploader](https://web-components.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/docs/components-file-uploader)
```
